You let us go
Wait for the uncle to come
He won't let you go
I'm afraid he won't come.
If he comes, don't even think about going back alive
The above is quite timely.
Brothers
Today, Zhangye will definitely not live
He holds the support of Tiger Lord
Offended big brothers
Uh but what?
We have a debt and a master
How about a price?
put
They put
Hahahahaha
Give a price hahaha
You think this is about money?
Zhangye
Force me to kill
Your eyes ruin him, if you make us fall in love today
I'll let him see it with his own eyes
How did I rape his own daughter?
Hahaha everyone
If anyone dares to stop me from avenging today
Who is my enemy?
Haha President Jiang
You are serious
You are serious, you should give up.
I have lived with Zhangye for more than ten years and I know him well
He won't come knowing it's a trap
Vivi
You know what you're saying?
Of course I know what I'm talking about.
I'm saving you. I'm saving you.
Why are you still defending that rotten person in Zhangye?